---
title: Hello everyone! Ready?
layout: post
date: '2025-05-20'
categories:
- general
---

### Happy to sip with you a coffee on this .... but leave if it does not resonate 

Hamburg today is back to grey after **long** sunny days. Lots of dust around. Everything waits rain.
I am here to start something which I had long thought. Comment something possibly interesting in razor form, hopefully.

[This clip](https://x.com/i/status/1924148890808308025) can be something interesting to start. Not so much what she said, but how students were waiting for it. No surprise, though. Right extremism found fertile ground in Israel. It looks as if it was prepared. Israeli Army left few hours before Hamas attack, however, no Army officials or higher levels got appointed. What if it was like an invitation: come in ladies and gentlemen, we know how to confiscate your land, your lives afterwards. They probably did not expect so many hostages, the REAL burden for more than one year.... 
An Israeli ex-colleague of mine in 2001 in Rehovot (Weizman Inst) candidly explained to me: "Everyone here knew".
Is it always so? Dietrology? Everyone know everything and no one do anything?

It resonated within me **this girl glueing an important personal carrier event (science, art, humanistics?) to reality outside her**.

As if there is a continuum between reality (3D) and inner prospective (5D), and not the distance that secolarism taught us of them to be strictly apart or divergent or non-communicating. 

If "everyone knew", if conscience exists, then why should not **5D forever be linked to 3D**. 

As Roberto Calasso wrote:
"*The foundation of terror is the idea that only killing offers the guarantee of a meaning.
But, what is more frightening? A meaningful killing or a random killing? Answer: a random killing! 
Why? Because the random looks wider than the meaningful*"

Happy to sip with you a coffee on this .... but leave if it does not resonate.
